ដោយមានការគាំទ្រពីសមាគមអ្នកសាងសង់កម្ពុជា (CCA) យើងមានមោទនភាពក្នុងការបង្ហាញទស្សនាវដ្តីសំណង់ និងអចលនទ្រព្យ។ ការបោះពុម្ភផ្សាយនេះគឺជាមគ្គុទ្ទេសក៍ដ៏ទូលំទូលាយសម្រាប់ឧស្សាហកម្មសំណង់ និងអចលនវត្ថុក្នុងប្រទេសកម្ពុជា និងតំបន់អាស៊ី ដែលផ្តោតលើការអភិវឌ្ឍន៍ក្នុងវិស័យសំណង់ និងអចលនទ្រព្យ ដូចជាផ្សព្វផ្សាយពីគម្រោងវិនិយោគ  ការនាំចេញ-នាំចូលសម្ភារៈសំណង់ និងស្ថានភាពទីផ្សារក្នុងវិស័យសំណង់-អចលនទ្រព្យ ការផ្គត់ផ្គង់កម្លាំង និងវិជ្ជាជីវៈជំនាញ ច្បាប់ និងបទប្បញ្ញត្តិ ហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ និងធានារ៉ាប់រងសម្រាប់ឧស្សាហកម្មសំណង់ បច្ចេកវិទ្យាក្នុងវិស័យសំណង់ ដូចជាបរិក្ខារ គ្រឿងចក្រ គ្រឿងម៉ាស៊ីន ស្ថាបត្យកម្ម និងការតុបតែង ព្រមទាំងចំណេះដឹងសំខាន់ៗទាក់ទងវិស័យសំណង់ និងចលនទ្រព្យ ជាមួយព័ត៌មានសកម្មភាពរបស់សមាគមអ្នកសាងសង់ និងព័ត៌មានចុងក្រោយបំផុតអំពីអចលនទ្រព្យ ព្រឹត្តិការណ៍ ការចុះបញ្ជី និងច្រើនទៀត។
ដោយមានការគាំទ្រពី CCA ដែលឥឡូវនេះជាសមាជិកនៃសហព័ន្ធអ្នកសាងសង់អាស៊ាន (ACF) យើងមានសេចក្តីសោមនស្សរីករាយក្នុងការផ្តល់ជូនអ្នកនូវឱកាសដើម្បីទៅដល់អ្នកអាន និងអតិថិជនគោលដៅទាំងក្នុងស្រុក និងក្រៅស្រុកតាមរយៈការចែកចាយដោយឥតគិតថ្លៃរបស់យើង ដែលរួមបញ្ចូលមិនត្រឹមតែសៀវភៅបោះផ្សាយប៉ុណ្ណោះទេ ប៉ុន្តែអ្នកអានអាចទាញយក PDF ដោយឥតគិតថ្លៃបន្ថែមទៀត។
យើងសូមអញ្ជើញអ្នកឱ្យស្វែងយល់ពីទស្សនាវដ្តីរបស់យើង ហើយពិចារណាដាក់ការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មរបស់អ្នកជាមួយយើង។ នេះគឺជាឱកាសពិសេសមួយដើម្បីបង្ហាញសេវាកម្ម និងផលិតផលរបស់ក្រុមហ៊ុនអ្នកទៅកាន់ទស្សនិកជនដ៏ធំទូលាយនៃអតិថិជនសក្តានុពល។ កុំខកខានឱកាសនេះ ដើម្បីបង្កើនភាពមើលឃើញម៉ាករបស់អ្នក។
As chairman of the Cambodia Constructors Association (CCA), I am honored to deliver a message to all our readers, especially those at construction-related firms and institutions. I have been very heartened to witness the dynamic growth of Cambodia’s construction sector, evidenced by the construction of satellite cities, modern skyscrapers, residential blocks, condos, commercial buildings, modern shopping centers, office buildings, and international standard hotels. This has happened in large part due to the confidence both local and international investors have in the political and economic stability in the Kingdom under the wise leadership of Samdach Akka Moha Sena Padei Techo Hun Sen, the country’s prime minister. The government considers the construction sector to be one of the nation’s economic pillars, and has allowed CCA to aid in the sector’s development to bring it in line with its development goals and to boost construction standards, especially in the lead-up to ASEAN economic integration in 2015. These efforts will help Cambodia conform with ASEAN’s overarching goal of “One Community, One Destiny.”
CCA is a non-profit association in full compliance with the laws of the Kingdom of Cambodia. In order to carry out government policy and cement the private sector’s role as the nation’s economic driver, the association will do all it can to help transform the construction industry into one of reliability, productivity, accountability and healthy competition both in local and international markets. Moreover, CCA will seek ways to offer benefits to its members and help bring each up to international standards of quality and classification.
Lastly, on behalf of all members of the Cambodia Constructors Association, I hope and believe that construction-related companies operating in Cambodia will register for CCA membership to join our ongoing drive to develop the country, implement policies laid out by the Royal Government and those put in place those recommended by ASEAN to help us secure a bright, prosperous future.
2016 marks the advent of the ASEAN Economic Community (AEC) that will see the integration of Cambodia’s construction and property industries with those of the ASEAN bloc. As a result, Cambodia will see an increased inflow of overseas investments into these industries.
Published through support from the Cambodia Constructors Association (CCA), Construction & Property Magazine intends to be one of the catalysts to help maximise the benefits of regional integration for Cambodia.
This bi-monthly magazine features four main sections comprising interesting topics, empowering messages, useful information and data related to the two sectors.
The first section looks at overall developments in construction locally and internationally, including new and ongoing projects and their impact on the nation’s economic growth. The second section highlights general information and activities related to the CCA, whose goal is to promote the construction industry in the kingdom. The third part looks at latest updates on major development in the real estate sector.
Lastly, the magazine offers a directory of construction and property firms where readers can find service providers or future business partners.
Now publishing our 23rd issue (September-October 2016), you will find the latest information and expert analysis on local and regional construction and property projects in our three main sub-sections.
In Construction news, the Ministry of Land Management, Urban Planning and Construction has been continuing on the front foot announcing the land conflict resolution teams, pushing for better demarcation of construction sites, and announcing a plan to build Korean-inspired ‘Smart Cities’ in the kingdom. We also speak exclusively to the man responsible for overseeing construction of some of the most iconic structures on Diamond Island about what it takes to be a construction project manager.
Association news showcases the recent activities and achievements of the Cambodia Constructors Association (CCA) including the plan to organise overseas business tours for members to learn about systems, technologies and materials from neighbouring countries, with the first being a visit to Singapore for a BIM fact-finding trip. The CCA also announces its plan to fund two of the stunning new beach gates going up on Independence Beach in Sihanoukville. Finally, we preview the global brands being showcased at the upcoming 3rd CCA Construction Expo in December.
In the Property section, we turn the spotlight on award-winning mega-project Olympia City which will be opening its first two condominium towers to residents by the end of the year. We also take a look at the launch of the Cambodia Property Awards 2017 and some of the new categories at next year’s prestigous event, where the nation’s top developers will be vying for the top prizes. Finally, we analyse the impact of Taiwanese investment on Cambodia’s booming real estate market.
Overall, I strongly believe that Construction & Property Magazine serves to help Cambodia’s construction and property sectors flourish. Our information and insights help attract foreign investors and business people and help those already here remain well informed about the latest developments in these dynamic, exciting and rapidly expanding sectors.